We are stationed nine kilometers from the front line. We were relieved yesterday; now our stomachs are filled with beans and meat, and we are all well-fed and happy. Even for dinner, each of us got a full pot; on top of that, we get a double portion of bread and sausage - in a word, we are living well. This has not happened to us for a long time: our kitchen god, with his bald head as purple as a tomato, himself offers us more to eat; he waves his ladle, calling out to passers-by, and doles out huge portions to them. He still cannot empty his "squeaker", and this drives him to despair. Tjaden and M체ller got hold of several basins from somewhere and filled them to the brim - for future use. Tjaden did this out of gluttony, M체ller out of caution. Where everything that Tjaden eats goes is a mystery to all of us. He still remains skinny as a herring.

But the most important thing is that the smoking was also given out in double portions. Ten cigars, twenty cigarettes and two bars of chewing tobacco for each. All in all, quite decent. I traded my tobacco with Katchinsky for his cigarettes, so now I have forty pieces. I can last one day.

But, strictly speaking, we are not entitled to all this. The authorities are not capable of such generosity. We were just lucky.

Two weeks ago we were sent to the front lines to relieve another unit. Our sector was quite calm, so on the day of our return the quartermaster received his rations according to the usual ration and ordered to cook for a company of one hundred and fifty men. But just on the last day the British suddenly threw in their heavy "meat grinders", very unpleasant things, and fired at our trenches for so long that we suffered heavy losses, and only eighty men returned from the front.

We arrived at the rear at night and immediately stretched out on the bunks, so that the first thing we could do was get a good night's sleep; Katchinsky is right: war wouldn't be so bad if only we could sleep more. You never really get a good night's sleep at the front, and two weeks drag on for a long time.

When the first of us began to crawl out of the barracks, it was already midday. Half an hour later, we grabbed our mess tins and gathered around our dear "snuff thrower", which smelled of something rich and tasty. Of course, the first in line were those who always had the biggest appetites: shorty Albert Kropp, the brightest head in our company and, probably for that reason, only recently promoted to corporal; M체ller the Fifth, who still carries around his textbooks and dreams of passing preferential exams; under hurricane fire, he crams the laws of physics; Leer, who wears a full beard and has a weakness for the girls from the officers' brothels; he swears that there is an army order requiring these girls to wear silk underwear and to take a bath before receiving visitors of the rank of captain and above; the fourth is me, Paul B채umer. All four are nineteen years old, all four went to the front from the same class.

Our friends stand right behind us: Tjaden, a mechanic, a puny youth of our own age, the most gluttonous soldier in the company - he sits down to eat thin and slender, and after eating, gets up pot-bellied, like a bedbug that has sucked; Haie Westhus, also our age, a peat worker, who can easily pick up a loaf of bread and ask: Well, guess what I have in my fist? "; Detering, a peasant who thinks only of his farm and his wife; and, finally, Stanislav Katchinsky, the soul of our section, a man of character, clever and cunning - he is forty years old, he has an ashen face, blue eyes, sloping shoulders, and an extraordinary sense of when the shelling will begin, where he can get food and how best to hide from the authorities.